ceph: add namespace meta-comments to manifests (#6809)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-upgrade.md

## Patch Release Upgrades

Unless otherwise noted due to extenuating requirements, upgrades from one patch release of Rook to
another are as simple as updating the common resources and the image of the Rook operator. For
example, when Rook v1.5.3 is released, the process of updating from v1.5.0 is as simple as running
the following:

First get the latest common resources manifests that contain the latest changes for Rook v1.5.
```sh
git clone --single-branch --branch v1.5.3 https://github.com/rook/rook.git
cd rook/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph
```

> If you have deployed the Rook Operator or the Ceph cluster into a different namespace than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have deployed the Rook Operator or the Ceph cluster into a different namespace, see the <linked section below> to change the default namespaces in the common.yaml.
```

`rook-ceph`, update the common resource manifests to use your `ROOK_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE` and
`ROOK_NAMESPACE` using `sed`.
```sh

> sed -i.bak \

Reviewer: Instead of duplicating this sed command, how about if we just link to the other section below. It's not a common use case to need to change the namespace, so I'd prefer to keep the common case simple for the patch upgrades for readability.

    -e "s/\(.*\):.*# namespace:operator/\1: $ROOK_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE # namespace:operator/g" \

>     -e "s/\(.*\):.*# namespace:cluster/\1: $ROOK_NAMESPACE # namespace:cluster/g" \

Reviewer: Should we rename `ROOK_NAMESPACE` to `ROOK_CLUSTER_NAMESPACE`?

## Rook Operator Upgrade Process

In the examples given in this guide, we will be upgrading a live Rook cluster running `v1.4.7` to
the version `v1.5.3`. This upgrade should work from any official patch release of Rook v1.4 to any
official patch release of v1.5.

> These methods should work for any number of Rook-Ceph clusters and Rook Operators as long as you

Reviewer: How about moving this paragraph after the next one? It seems good to mention as early as possible that master builds are not supported.

> `rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1beta1` instead of `rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1`
> You will also need to apply `pre-k8s-1.16/crds.yaml` instead of `crds.yaml`.

First get the latest common resources manifests that contain the latest changes for Rook v1.5.
```sh
git clone --single-branch --branch v1.5.3 https://github.com/rook/rook.git
cd rook/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph
```

> If you have deployed the Rook Operator or the Ceph cluster into a different namespace than

Reviewer: This section will be useful for creating new clusters as well. How about if we add a third bullet to the end of [this section in the getting started guide](https://rook.github.io/docs/rook/v1.5/ceph-quickstart.html#deploy-the-rook-operator) so they can consider installing in a namespace other than the default `rook-ceph`? That bullet can just link to this section in the upgrade guide. Or alternatively, this section could be moved to the getting started guide and this upgrade guide could link to that. wdyt?

Reviewer: Also, did you mention somewhere to also replace the `provisioner:` tags? Those are more for installation than upgrade though.

Author: Hmm... I think copying it to the getting started guide is better than a link.

I'll work on sed replacements for provisioner and serviceaccount tags in the quickstart guide.

but if the ConfigMap settings are applied, they will override the operator deployment settings.

```console

> kubectl -n $ROOK_CLUSTER_NAMESPACE edit configmap rook-ceph-operator-config

Author: Operator! Good catch!
